isu-152
daddy gives out and horns to everyone
not seen now show you interesting
fight on this machine
from stock fluff or as I call it
stump ebany shoot clean bombs would
dashi fuck do not need golda too
shit like a normal penetration of
Essentially fucking does not break through somehow
the joint in the board did not break gold but on
just in case I drive
you never know the extra standing in the bushes cut out
and sped up the time because nahuy look at
this
here so
second prick with a pie patted at a point
shorter the entire crew pumped
masking lamp at the commander of the modules
stand horns
pickup drives and rammer you
remember this fag on heal kati in
this point, I remembered then you will see that
out of it
when I quit playing was in thought with
which of those guns to rock jesus
but after patch 086 improved accuracy and
now I shoot like a god on it
they rule better artybash absolutely fucking me
bl-10 left then I'll just run away
all on this tank you need to play as
bush it
because armor is shit though mask
big guns but it's all the hell
pepper
another went to bed it synulka
great support tank from far
long away
well, just very fucked up damage from
land mines earlier did not expect from this
Tanchika such potential by the way can
read this video as a guy
because everything has already been told and shown
on fuck
full damage you wo n't leave the bitches off
father belt
cunt as a whip
Do you remember who I stood here before
but just cheater
the folder just pulls into those places where they should
standing opponents means thinking to read
I can not lose
probably you there fag
warriors spit of death just fuck up
subscribe to the channel and join
group vkontakte all good luck brothers to
soon